\chapter{Conclusion}
\label{ch:conclusion}
The proposed system is a standalone password manager equipped with the
USB device. The device is hard to be tampered and is securely to store
the pair (e.g., key:password) of user's credentials, where the key is
a unique identity requiring to match the corresponding password
(e.g. website, hostname, username, \dots). The application of the USB
device provides an interface for a user to access the encrypted
partition in the USB device.  The credentials that a user wants to
store are located in the encrypted partition of the USB device which
can be decrypted only with the primary password that a user setup.
The default password is provided for the user to decrypt the encrypted
partition for the first usage. The application forces a user to update
the default password with a different password.  The USB device is
updated with the new release of the application which can be
downloaded from the designated webserver. The webserver uses the two
factor authentication to ensure the authentictiy and integrity of the
applications and the USB device. The user is required to register to
the website with the public key of the USB device.  The new
application is digitally signed with the factory's public key. Once
the new application is verified to be authentic, it replaces the
existing version in the USB device and restarts the application to
load up with the new version.

We have setup a threat model for the proposed system by using the
standard STRIDE threat.  Our threat model is based on the iterative
design. We review our proposed system architecture, dataflows, and
external entities. Any potential threats are identified by using the
STRIDE methodology and augmented by experimenting with the elevation
of privilege game cards.  We discuss any identified trheats and assign
a bug number to each one. Finally we decide whether we accept it as a
system risk or not and perfom a risk likelihood vs impact for all
accepted risks using a modified OWASP risk methodology.  We found 43
threats and identified 19 risks associated with the system threats. 10
high risks which are in the 2nd cartegory show that our proposed
system have relatively more high risks once it is compromised as shown
in Figure~\ref{fig:riskmatrix}. On the other hand, the likelihood of
the threats is 4.05 in average within 1 to 10 range and the 10 high
risks has 4.56. We have setup the attack tree with the scenario of
having the application of the device compromised while it is updated
as described in \nameref{ch:a4}. The risk of this threat is also high,
cartegory 2. It turns out that the proposed system is not vulnerable
in general and threats occur unlikely. However, if it is exploited,
the risks would be high.
